README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

added layout, navbar, and footer.

README.md, after:

# Next.js Demonstration:

## Introduction:

In this comprehensive talk at ReactATX, we'll explore the full stack of Next.js capabilities, from initialization to deployment. We'll begin by understanding how 'npx' can simplify project setup, followed by how TypeScript offers robust typing. You can learn how to style your application effectively with TailwindCSS and navigate the possibilities of routing with App Router, Static, and Dynamic Routing. We'll also demystify data fetching techniques, examine route handlers, and look at various rendering strategies, including client-side, server-side, static, and incremental static regeneration rendering. Furthermore, we'll discuss caching strategy and dive into the composition of server and client components. Optimize your UI with Next.js's built-in <Link> and <Image> components. Finally, we'll review deployment options on Vercel, ensuring your Next.js app is ready for the world!

## [Installation](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/installation):

To kickstart your journey with Next.js, the installation process has been designed to be as streamlined as possible. For system prerequisites, you'll need Node.js version 16.14 or later, and you can operate on macOS, Windows (including WSL), or Linux. The recommended method for initializing a new project is to use npx `create-next-app@latest`. This command-line utility walks you through a series of prompts to configure your project, letting you opt for features like [TypeScript](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/typescript), [ESLint](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/eslint), and [Tailwind CSS](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/styling/tailwind-css). It even asks if you want to utilize the new App Router, positioning you to take advantage of Next.js's most recent advancements.

## [Routing](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing):

In any Next.js application, routing is a foundational element that determines how your application's pages are structured and accessed. Traditionally, Next.js employed the Pages Router as the primary mechanism for handling routing. This is a file-system based approach where every file you add to the 'pages' directory is automatically transformed into a route. So if simplicity and specific layout requirements for each page are your goals, the Pages Router remains a viable choice even in the latest versions of Next.js.

However, as of Next.js 13, there's been a shift towards a more feature-rich and flexible routing system called the App Router. While the Pages Router is largely static, mapping individual files to routes, the App Router leverages React's most advanced features to offer a dynamic and customizable routing solution. This provides an opportunity to share layouts across multiple pages, group routes without affecting the URL structure, and selectively apply layouts to specific routes.

### [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing):

In Next.js version 13, the App Router brings a slew of advanced capabilities, such as shared layouts, nested routing, and enhanced error handling. Housed in a new app directory, the App Router allows for a seamless and incremental transition to these new features.

To better illustrate how routing works with the App Router, let's consider an example. Suppose you want to create a route for the URL https://example.com/dashboard/settings. To achieve this, you would create a nested folder structure within the app directory like so: `app/dashboard/settings`. Inside the settings folder, you would place a `page.tsx` file that contains the React component to render for this specific route. In this example, the URL path is broken down into segments, each corresponding to a folder in the directory.

#### [Layout](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/pages-and-layouts#layouts):

The App Router introduces new file conventions for creating pages, shared layouts, and templates. Pages are unique UI components mapped to routes and defined in `page.js` files. Layouts are UI components shared between pages, preserving state and interactivity across navigation. Layouts can be nested and are also defined in special layout.js files. The top-most layout, called the Root Layout, must include HTML and body tags and is mandatory for any Next.js application. This setup replaces traditional `\_app.js` and `\_document.js` files in earlier versions of Next.js.
